usage: isopod codex <box> [--app TERMINAL] [--attach] [--color C] [-- args...]

Run Codex inside a box. Starts the box if it is stopped, installs Codex if it is
not there yet, then opens a new terminal window with a session in the box's
workspace, the way 'isopod code' opens an editor window.

  --app <name>   terminal to open (see the list below); ISOPOD_TERMINAL sets a
                 default. Without either, the first one installed is used.
  --attach       run in THIS window instead of opening a new one, for a headless
                 host or when you would rather keep the session where you are.
  --color <c>    color for the bar: a preset name, '#rrggbb', 'box' for the
                 sandbox's own color or 'agent' for Codex's.
                 ISOPOD_CODEX_COLOR sets a default.
  --no-color     run with no bar, in a plain terminal.
  -- args...     passed through to codex, e.g. -- --help

Terminals isopod knows: ghostty, kitty, wezterm, alacritty, gnome-terminal,
konsole, foot, xfce4-terminal, xterm. A name that is not on the list is tried as
a plain command, and a host with no terminal at all falls back to --attach.

Telling windows apart: the session runs under a colored bar across the top row,
in the box's own color, the same one 'isopod code' tints the IDE with, and the
window title names the box and Codex. isopod reserves that row by handing Codex
a terminal one line shorter, so nothing it draws can reach the bar. Pass --color
agent for Codex's own color instead, which is what tells two agents apart in one
box, and --no-color for a plain terminal.

isopod downloads the release archive for the box's architecture and checks its
SHA-256 on your machine, then copies it in over SSH and unpacks it there, so the
box never fetches or runs an installer. It goes in as the box user, not root. The
Linux builds are static, so one of them serves a Debian box and an Alpine box
alike. It is a large download the first time, cached afterwards and shared by
every box of the same architecture.

isopod installs whatever is newest at that moment and then leaves it alone.
Updating afterwards is Codex's own job, from inside the box, on your schedule.

Signing in: isopod offers to store an OPENAI_API_KEY the first time and hands it
to the box in memory, out of sight of the process list. Press enter at that
prompt to skip it and sign in to Codex its own way instead. Change or remove the
stored key with 'isopod secret set OPENAI_API_KEY' and
'isopod secret rm OPENAI_API_KEY'.

On a box using the egress allow-list, isopod prints the hostnames Codex needs and
leaves your allow-list alone, since that list is shared by every box on this
host. Offline boxes are refused: the install would work, but Codex could not
reach its API from a box with no route out.
